README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
🎓  I’m studying M2 Cybersecurity at Institut Polytechnique de Paris (Télécom SudParis) </br>
🔭 I’m currently learning Kubernetes, Cilium, and eBPF  </br>
🧩 Interested in low-level networking, systems programming, and security research </br>


# 💻 Tech Stack:

### 🧠 Languages & Scripting
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)

### 🧩 Web & Backend
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)
![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)

### 🐳 DevOps & Cloud
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)

### 🗄️ Databases
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=phamnam1805&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=phamnam1805&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=phamnam1805&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=phamnam1805&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Add work in progress section to README
Added work in progress section detailing adaptations from the Eunomia BPF tutorial.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
🎓  I’m studying M2 Cybersecurity at Institut Polytechnique de Paris (Télécom SudParis) </br>
🔭 I’m currently learning Kubernetes, Cilium, and eBPF  </br>
🧩 Interested in low-level networking, systems programming, and security research </br>

# 🚧 Work in Progress

I’m currently adapting examples from the [Eunomia BPF tutorial](https://github.com/eunomia-bpf) (userspace code in C or Rust) to use [cilium/ebpf](https://github.com/cilium/ebpf) in Go.  

Completed adaptations so far:  
- [Lesson 11 – Bootstrap](https://github.com/phamnam1805/ebpf-process-monitor)  
- [Lesson 12 – Profile](https://github.com/phamnam1805/ebpf-profile)


# 💻 Tech Stack:

### 🧠 Languages & Scripting
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)

### 🧩 Web & Backend
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)
![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)

### 🐳 DevOps & Cloud
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)

### 🗄️ Databases
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=phamnam1805&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=phamnam1805&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=phamnam1805&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=phamnam1805&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
